thanks scientists are coming along guys
that like a gun close you guys got a
solution final yeah we got a couple
probably not gonna get it today I'm
gonna put the bramble down the gun
shooting at it you know I brace none
that can make it out today she prolly
have to schedule future one if we do I
don't
yeah that are very sorrowful passively I
know what up in santa rosa oh that's
ridiculous cuz i wouldn't ever seen it
as well I know for a rock finally
there's no it's right over there okay we
have limited is not actually we got like
all right everyone you should probably
grab me we haven't even gone cool you
had a guy clear
yes a good climber he got that right
there about halfway okay then we told
him to get down well I mean you got the
wrong we got the balls time like a
dangling a bit more than I did before
yeah thanks Dale I made it
yeah it's got a branch
finally I'll rivals haha we need ever
happening
oh I think you hit it a few little
things I'm just afraid they predict you
my bathroom over here you know when like
I'm come right everyone continued to
stare off of the balls at long shaggy
yeah well you're the middle of the woods
so yeah maybe countess guy on have done
are they were looking for the kid yeah
guys the guys that live there oh they
just called my name is my uncle heads up
guys oh I know it doesn't even have
enough momentum get up there no first we
got out there I get your light you can
see the coolers a lot easier oh yeah
yeah yes we got here
yeah I don't think it's gonna have
enough yeah there's nothing like it gets
up there no we need then we can like
break Taillow it away from all the
strings yeah I don't know if this will
help any but there's a log on there it's
almost directly underneath that you push
it straight away to hit your face hey do
you have any breakfast member that crap
up an angle it let's shoot straight up
biggest guys doing good they just
launched
more a masculine you got the runway
what exactly is the box is it a cooler
or what yeah a cyclic or is there
anything metal inside of it that
compares